hi guys and welcome to another best
possible squad builder by myself bitch
an 87 today we are doing the best
possible rail budget team available to
you on fifa 15 ultimate team it's going
to feed some very very nice players and
one of the highest rated players in the
game if not yeah is the highest rated
player in the game 19 I made a team of
the year cristiano ronaldo so if you
guys do what any MSP PSN codes are
cheating codes go and check out g2
eircom their link is down below in
description use this can't call be 87
you get a bit of a discount off as well
it will try to hit over 5,000 likes for
this team that be awesome and subscribe
if you are not subscribed already so
let's get in and build the team in the
goalkeeper position we have a non
informed player which is becoming a
repetitive thing you know repair thing
and it is it Casilla still the highest
weight not inform goalkeeper with 84
reckon is gonna be lower rated next year
because obviously considered a lot of
girls and their he's a bit out of favor
at Real Madrid also in the center bad
position we go team of the year surgery
most very very very nice and defender I
enjoy using the normal teams when I
build La Liga at 86 PS 1960 friend in 90
physical and in the set up a position on
the right hand side we do go with Pepe
who is good also a very very side here
call up against Ramos on Pepe just
because of how good the a certain if we
place on Pepe but he feels like he's got
80 plus it for defending if we physical
in the right back position we go with
inform Carbajal upgraded in from
Carvahall actually got grilled in
January 81 rated and then in the left
back position would go with team the
season marchello who was in most
consistent and then we release in La
Liga and now he is flooded was played
for it played 350 firm and a better son
at minimize it no selling 250 was a
bloody hell he's gone down calm down
quite a lot in the settlement field
position we go a team of the year crew
so as a team season cruises sorry in the
club there but obviously team leader is
highly rated and then in cm position on
the right hand side we do go with modric
who is 87 rated and nany vom but still a
good tight little player in the
composition we go with team of the
season Rodriguez hammers Rodriguez and a
six-piece man shooting 92 passing night
one driven 80 physical looks very very
nice didn't really get to try them out
as much as I wanted to with this team
and didn't really seem to do much but
when you got the fun free which relgion
do
on the game they are very nice and you
don't really care about lemon filled in
the right wing position we go Gareth
Bale just because well just because of
the written rise it 87 rated and that we
go inform Rodriguez in the right wing
position but obviously team of seasoned
got to use him so we got normal bail
even though there was an enviable in
camp and then in the left wing position
we go with team of the Ronaldo which is
99 rated the best card on the game in
the strike fishing finish off team would
go with Benzema is you I would love to
put two when I was in Tim what you can
and we go with inform Benzema who is
good 86 peers in and shoe in 86 giving
certain physical and that guys in front
of you is the best possible bar battle
on team real madrid team available to on
fifa 15 oven team if you enjoyed the
video i like me very much appreciated
subscribe if you are not and let's go
and get into the highlights we did
manage to get with this best possible
real madrid team so guys like i said in
the well in the previous video I've did
a best possible Barcelon team I didn't
really enjoy the Barcelona team mainly
because I tried to recreate the way they
played now try to recreate the way
battle and be able to play and that is
actually fast care attacking football
we've high pressure down the wings and
it works wonders there was holding the
ball at what benzema their slots a bore
fruit of Rodriguez who sees bail and
puts it through now bail if you've not
used in this FIFA guides i recommend
train route bail is a really really good
player very cheap now as well with the
price ranges which have been implicated
in to the game and and it's the same am
also players actually some of them and
well obviously likes Norma Rodriguez I
think even team of seasons are available
as well but it was definitely Gareth
Bale arranger dried using the most out
of team using team of the Ronaldo was a
bit of a disappointment I just love his
record breaker card out of all the van
our caddies record breakers the best at
stryker but a lot of you guys and you
will admit prefer to use his normal card
in the strike listen anyways left-wing
book five-star skills and a clinical
finish is awesome I just preferred it if
it was in the center of midfield all the
time no in the games were seen these
windy team of the season cook for La
Liga where you win the free player and
very sweaty opponents not gonna lie to
you very very very sway but we need to
overcome them with this team in the four
five games good player team we got a few
girls mainly in this game as you are
seeing it's the same game the opponent
every time went forward would rip in his
defense the bits gaps moving on through
and those when he got bail a man out on
the wings they're gonna score some nice
girls even though that one was pretty
pretty terrible but you know when I
complain about scoring a goal on fifa
with the midfield Rodriguez crus and
also a moderate very decent holding
midfielders enjoyed it using them and
hammers Rodriguez still yet to get used
to him properly but hopefully I'll do in
the next couple of weeks and the defense
is one of the best defense is on the
game about country mile even at Casillas
is pretty good for an 80 for a
goalkeeper so guys if you enjoyed the
video i like it very much appreciated
try and hit over 5000 like subscribe if
you are not subscribed already like i
see it in the video if you missed any of
the previous best Possible's go and
check out the place which on the town
until next time guys see you later have
a very very next verse to be there